you
this is a good shoe for in the breeding
it's been very successful he is leading
the rankings in all the major breeding
countries me this is a very special
talent it was X into the first stallion
I bought myself back in a 97
losses a stock that wants to do the best
we can
in the breathing in the sport we have
been going on know a little bit over 20
years in this board our best
achievements has been a bronze medal
with a Danish team in the Olympic Games
in Hong Kong in 2008 I was on shuffle
yeah I'm at several occasions we have
been in the Danish team so we are quite
proud and happy about that
these two-year-old stallions has been
living outside since May last year while
we put them into the to the field then
the Queen actually staying outside since
then we only took them inside for day
you know if they had to get to the
blacksmith and we doing deworming and
they had to get the vaccinated otherwise
they stay outside it's the best thing
you can you can defer to all because
later in life everything gets much more
easy if they if they're used to that
we always try to get the best sometimes
we have success sometimes we don't but
you know everybody is looking for horses
with the x-factor and you know it's
happened there's so many competitors in
the whole world who is looking for the
same kind of horses but you know we try
to do the best to to get them
you